Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang thirty months.
We'll sign him now. I signed it quickly without even paying a phone call.
I made the biggest mistake. A pleasure to work with.
Happy activities. You charge.
What a generous act of yours.
An almost priceless sale. You spend three billion to start the project.
Should I say you are brave?
Are you still stupid? What kind of wind is it?
Brought Boss Meng here. If I don't come,
Boss Zhang just sold less.
It turned out to be three billion funds,
Acquire a Chinese property that is about to be paid for.
How long can your Tianmei Group's turnover be continued?
Then ask Boss Meng
How did you know we were going to buy the mine?
This information was compiled by me, Lianye
Flying away money that you won’t come back to
I'm also taking a leave
All your thirty-one funds are transferred
In the end, he asked us to take a leave of absence.
You said you are happy or not?
Right and wrong cannot be transferred to the last words
Just let you think about it during the sales and installation period